release note: v10.5.1 (#27)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/platform_10-5-1_releasenotes.md

---
id: v10.5.1
title: Version 10.5.1 Release Notes
sidebar_label: v10.5.1
image: "img/release-note-link-preview.png"
---

> _March 02, 2023_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_March 07, 2023_
```

#### `bk-form-modal` with `extraEndpoint` injects `triggeredBy`
`bk-form-modal` with `extraEndpoint` property injects a `triggeredBy` key equal to `bk-form-modal-extra-endpoint` into `success`/`error` events.

#### `bk-simple-list` supports `height` property
`bk-simple-list` supports `height` property, controlling max-height of the list body

#### New Handlebars helper `nFormat`
New Handlebars helper `nFormat` allows to format fields of type `number` and format `currency`, specifying number of decimal places, decimal separator, group separator.

#### New component `bk-notification-center`
New component [`bk-notification-center`](/business_suite/backoffice/components/misc.md#bk-notification-center) is available.

#### Persisten filters are available
`bk-filters-manager` component allows persistent filters, which are registered into `localeStorage` and automatically applied.

### Bug Fix

#### Editor does not use custom tags
Output of fields with format `editor` do not use custom `quill` classes in form components. Refer to [this issue](https://github.com/zenoamaro/react-quill/issues/553) for further details

## How to update your Console

> For on-premise Console installations, please contact your Mia Platform referent to know how to use the `Helm chart version X.X.X`.

Reviewer: da aggiornare la chart helm

Reviewer 2: In english please 😄

Author: ```suggestion
For on-premise Console installations, please contact your Mia Platform referent to know how to use the `Helm chart version 8.3.7`.
```
